---
title: Home
---

#A Portfolio of Andrew Herriot

Welcome to my personal portfolio.  I felt that there was not nearly enough space to describe some of my work in a cover letter and resume, so this site expands on those descriptions and includes a few highlights of my work.  Please use the links on the left to explore the projects.  <a title="Angry Martlets" href="/projects/angry-martlets/">Angry Martlets </a>is a physics-based C++ game similar to everyone\'s favourite Angry Birds that uses a collection of libraries to bring together a neat little game.  With this project, I gave a lecture to a first year class on how combine many tools together to create something greater than the sum of their parts.  <a title="Electronic Voting Systems" href=" projects/electronic-voting-systems/">Electronic Voting Systems</a> is a simulation of voting systems that was part of a class on Fault Tolerant Computing at UVic.  This project compares and contrasts different types voting machines to determine the best way to records votes and to tally the results.  <a title="Game Design Competition" href=" projects/game-design-competition/">Game Design Competition</a> is a game that I created using GameMaker for a contest at UVic.  I was the first runner up out of thirteen teams, making an artillery shooting game with deformable terrain.  While the interface to the game was its downfall, I am still very proud of the technical achievement I was able to do in GameMaker.  <a href="https://sites.google.com/site/agherriot/random-story-generator">Random Story Generator</a> is a JavaScript project that creates humourous and unpredictable stories by simulating the emotions of characters and their interactions.  <a title="CISV" href=" work/cisv/">CISV</a> is a youth group that I have done a tonne of volunteer work.  They promote global friendship and cross cultural education through international summer camps and exchange programs.  My resume can be found below and feel free to contact me if you have any questions.  A copy of my resume can be found here.  <a title="Resume" href="https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B-3PMhIUwxwNY3Q5aHhLN3JwMnc/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank">resume</a>

Here are some projects.  <a title="Flashcards" href=" projects/flashcards/">Flashcards</a> is a web app that I am working on to help me learn Farsi.  <a title="Angry Martlets" href=" projects/angry-martlets/">Angry Martlets</a> is a physics-based C++ game similar to everyone\'s favourite Angry Birds that uses a collection of libraries to bring together a neat little game.  With this project, I gave a lecture to a first year class on how combine many tools together to create something greater than the sum of their parts.  <a title="Electronic Voting Systems" href=" projects/electronic-voting-systems/">Electronic Voting systems</a> is a simulation of voting systems that was part of a class on Fault Tolerant Computing at UVic.  This project compares and contrasts different types voting machines to determine the best way to records votes and to tally the results.  <a title="Game Design Competition" href=" projects/game-design-competition/">Game Design Challenge</a> is a game that I created using GameMaker for a contest at UVic.  I was the first runner up out of thirteen teams, making an artillery shooting game with deformable terrain.  While the interface to the game was its downfall, I am still very proud of the technical achievement I was able to do in GameMaker.
